com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$bool
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$raw
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$integer
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dialogCornerRadius
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_id
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int upi_apps_dialog_unit_item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int ph_colorAccent
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int background_top_border
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator: int fragment_close_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActivityRule_alwaysExpand
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableEndCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_enterFadeDuration
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_11
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int queryHint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int intent_sdk_name
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_4
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int notification_action
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int src_over
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int fragment_close_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_name
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int app_icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_19
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_tag
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int thumbTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_placeholderActivityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_3
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableEndCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int ph_merchantName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontFamily
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_function_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int splitMinSmallestWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int circle_three
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_id
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_reversible
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int custom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int edit_query
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_drawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorTextPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int logoDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] SplitPlaceholderRule
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int getting_apps
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int error_color_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTopCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int error_message
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int search_menu_title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_8
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_29
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int ph_merchantLogoUrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int track
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int ic_phonepe_icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int theme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material_anim
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int divider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_star_medium
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int back_button_warning
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int on
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tickMark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int default_space
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_accessibility_actions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_20
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_18
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator: int fragment_fade_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int phonepe_webview
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int numericModifiers
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int splitMinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator: int fragment_fade_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int placeholderActivityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int button_brand_text_only_text_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_listener
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int progress_bar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int progressbar_radius_max
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int contentPanel
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableLeftCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int app_name
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int lineHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int error_color_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int dialog_button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int ph_textColorAccent
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int alertTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_13
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int parentPanel
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int time
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int upi_apps_dialog_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_state_description
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int secondaryActivityAction
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator: int fragment_open_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_26
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int slide_down
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int spacer
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_bar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator: int fragment_open_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int v3_debit_response_error
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableStartCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int visible_removing_fragment_view_tag
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int viewInflaterClass
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int ph_colorPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int splitRatio
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int default_radius_pic_chip_medium
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int androidx_core_ripple_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int actions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int thickness
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int jsonViewer_textColorNumber
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int multiply
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorButtonBrandTextPressed
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableBottomCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int content
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_enterFadeDuration
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_variablePadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int customPanel
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator: int fragment_close_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int text2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int slide_up
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int view_tree_view_model_store_owner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_17
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int pay_with
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Capability_queryPatterns
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int fragment_close_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_mtrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_name
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_star_small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int line1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int jsonViewer_textColorNull
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_visible
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_14
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int circle_two
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int elevation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_tint_default
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int fragment_open_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int submit_area
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int wrap_content
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableLeftCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int add
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int gridview
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_window_insets_animation_callback
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int background_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_grey_50
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int AppTheme_NoActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int default_corner_radius
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int error_container
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int PhonePeTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitRatio
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_constantSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int view_tree_lifecycle_owner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_SubmenuArrow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int ok
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseContentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int AppTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int right_side
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_capital_off
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_plate
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int CircularProgress
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int radio
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int async
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int ph_textColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int primaryActivityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int off
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_star_half_black_48dp
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int queryPatterns
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int editTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int listMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int custom_dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material_anim
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int showTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int button_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int unchecked
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonGravity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairRule
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int BasePhonePe_Theme_Light_NoActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableBottomCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_divider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tooltipText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int error_message
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_grey_900
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorTextDisabled
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableTopCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorButtonBrandTextDisabled
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int iconTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int default_space_Big
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int jsonViewer_textColorBool
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_variablePadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_grey_850
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int line3
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int background_button_brand_round_corner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int phonepe_app_package
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int fragment_container_view_tag
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int alwaysExpand
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int pay_via_text_view
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorFillHint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ButtonBrandRoundCorner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_dither
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int splitLayoutDirection
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int spinBars
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int button_brand_text_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int MyActionBarLogo
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int text
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_5
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_fromId
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityAction
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int src_in
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int title_template
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int shortcutMatchRequired
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int info
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int showDividers
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_screen_reader_focusable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] Capability
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_exitFadeDuration
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_accessibility_pane_title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_dither
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int home
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$bool: int ph_enableToolbarShadow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textLocale
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableStartCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_space_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorButtonBrandTextFocused
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_30
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int progress_circular
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int phonepeThemeInvisibleCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int clearTop
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_prepend_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitRatio
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int dimen_text_subheader
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_accessibility_heading
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorTextSecondary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_bar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_7
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int list_item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int retry
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int StateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_21
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] View
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_constantSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int ic_error_outline
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int loading_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_grey_300
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int checkbox
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ProgressBarTimeout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int trackTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_cascading_menu_item_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int icon_group
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int activity_phonepe_web
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int upi_apps_list_item_stroked_item
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int group_divider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int ph_colorPrimaryDark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorButtonBrandText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int topPanel
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int right_icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int iconTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int fragment_fade_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int trackTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int goIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int secondaryActivityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorFillPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_6
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_text
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int rtl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int ltr
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_badge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int uniform
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int cancel
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int locale
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_22
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int phone_pe_gradient_start_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_visible
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int showText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_mime_types
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontVariationSettings
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_exit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int none
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int activityAction
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int circle_one
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int barLength
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int up
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int normal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_src_text
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_star_black_48dp
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Shortcut
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int BasePhonePe_Theme_Base
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_12
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Empty
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int nestedScrollViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int submenuarrow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int no_upi_app_found_error
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorError
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int phonepe_app_package_preprod
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorBrandPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int BasePhonePeTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int fragment_fade_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int DialogAnimation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] Fragment
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_mtrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActivityRule
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: int fast_out_slow_in
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearanceMedium
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int src_atop
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_accessibility_clickable_spans
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int androidx_window_activity_scope
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_16
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_toId
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int checked
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_star_big
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int italic
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_31
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int chronometer
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int forever
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_image
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Capability_shortcutMatchRequired
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textLocale
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int screen
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int AppTheme_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_exitFadeDuration
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int scrollView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_clearTop
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int special_effects_controller_view_tag
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int pay_via
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int font
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_27
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int ic_error_outline_black
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$raw: int loader
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_on_apply_window_listener
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorFillSecondary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int progress
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int blocking
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_corner_radius_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_9
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int fragment_open_enter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dividerPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairFilter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int default_height_min
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int phonepeThemeInvisible
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontVariationSettings
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int dimen_text_button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textLocale
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int progressBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tabMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int JsonViewer_TextAppearance
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_large_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_Transparent
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int load_again
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorBackgroundPrimary
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableRightCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_container
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_tag
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int activityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorButtonBrandFillDisabled
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] ActivityFilter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_28
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int AppTheme_PopupOverlay
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModeCloseContentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] FragmentContainerView
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int shortcut
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int color_green_ic_radio_button_checked
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int drawableRightCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int AppTheme_AppBarOverlay
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_24
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int cancel_confirmation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_0
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int ButtonBrandTextOnly
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int jsonViewer_textColorString
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTintMode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_primaryActivityName
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_tooltip
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_10
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawableItem
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textFontWeight
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int solid_circle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int colorFillDisabled
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_23
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int notification_background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int logo
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int default_space_small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int contentDescription
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityAction
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_small_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_action_clickable_span
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int circle_four
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: int phone_pe_gradient_end_color
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_25
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int image
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int buttonIconDimen
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int default_space_medium_small
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_15
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: int message
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: int FadeAnimation
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$integer: R$integer()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R: R()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$animator: R$animator()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$string: R$string()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$layout: R$layout()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$color: R$color()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$interpolator: R$interpolator()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$raw: R$raw()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$bool: R$bool()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$id: R$id()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$anim: R$anim()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$style: R$style()
com.phonepe.phonepe_payment_sdk.R$attr: R$attr()
